There were a few minor issues when it came to reading, cleaning, and preparing the data for analysis. Firstly, trying to make sure that the data file was able to be read given the size of the file. Therefore, we decided to use low_memory=True in order to mitigate this when reading both CSV files. Another one of the issues with the data was figuring out what the “Unnamed: 0” and “id” columns meant. Ultimately, it was decided to get rid of these columns altogether in hopes of not having an ordering/sequencing issue for the model and analysis later. Next, we had to make sure to drop the outcome variable for this data, which was the ‘stroke’ column, so that our model could actually be used for prediction purposes. Next, a decision was made to drop the NaNs in the columns left over. There could’ve been another way to do this, such as using kNN to predict the values/replace them, but ultimately we decided instead to just drop them altogether as there weren’t that many and we felt there was enough data to perform our analysis. Following, it was decided to windsorize the numeric columns. This of course also had a trade-off, most notably another alternative would be to drop the values that were considered outliers. However, we decided against this in order to include more data in our analysis. Ergo, windsorizing was the course of action taken. 
Then, we created a new CSV file titled “training_cleaned.csv” for analysis. For the “testing_cleaning.csv” file that was created, the same decision to drop the  “Unnamed: 0” and “id” columns along with NaNs to be consistent for analysis. Moreover, we removed the outcome variable from the rest of the independent variables. The most notable difference therefore was not to windsorize the testing data in order to make sure it is good to compare for the model since there will be outliers the model could come across. Altogether, this was not a super difficult data set to clean, but there were some trade-offs that had to be made when cleaning and preparing the data for the model creation and subsequent analysis.
